Update 'docs/CONTRIBUTING.md' (#470)
yaichenbaum/Quick-Pad: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

`Legacy` is the old code base of Quick Pad and is kept online for reference.

### Other branches
There are other branches as well on Quick Pad, these are usually for new features or changes that are still a work in progress and not yet ready to be merged into the `Main` branch. These branches are temporary and will be removed once the changes are merged into the `Main` branch.

## Contributing to Quick Pad

> To get started, create a fork of the repository on GitHub. You will need to do that to make any changes. If you decide to make a change you should always base it off the `Main` branch. Once your change is completed, you can open a pull request in which we will review and merge if approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, create a fork of the repository on GitHub. You will need to do that to make any changes. If you decide to make a change you should always base it off the `Main` branch. Once your change is completed, you can open a pull request which we will review and merge if approved.
```

## Contributing to Quick Pad

> To get started, create a fork of the repository on GitHub. You will need to do that to make any changes since the Quick Pad repo is restricted to a few contributors of the app. If you decide to make a change you should always base it off  the `Main` branch. Once your change is completed, you can open a pull request in which we will review your pull request and if we like it, we will merge it in. 😀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, create a fork of the repository on GitHub. You will need to do that to make any changes. If you decide to make a change you should always base it off the `Main` branch. Once your change is completed, you can open a pull request in which we will review and merge if approved.
```
